Snoozing alert notifications for detection rules (#3217)
elastic/security-docs: docs/detections/rules-ui-manage.asciidoc

* Select the *All actions* menu (*...*) on a rule, then select an action.
* Select all the rules you want to modify, then select an action from the *Bulk actions* menu.
* To enable or disable a single rule, switch on the rule's *Enabled* toggle.
* To <<snooze-rule-actions,snooze>> actions for rules, click the bell icon.

[float]
[[snooze-rule-actions]]
=== Snooze rule actions

> Instead of turning off rules to stop alert notifications, snooze rule actions for a defined period of time. When you snooze rule actions, the rule continues to run on its defined schedule but alerts won't trigger any actions and notifications won't be sent. 

Author: ```suggestion
Instead of turning off rules to stop alert notifications, snooze rule actions for a defined period of time. When you snooze rule actions, the rule continues to run on its defined schedule but alerts won't trigger any actions and notifications aren't sent. 
```

* Select the *All actions* menu (*...*) on a rule, then select an action.
* Select all the rules you want to modify, then select an action from the *Bulk actions* menu.
* To enable or disable a single rule, switch on the rule's *Enabled* toggle.
* To <<snooze-rule-actions,snooze>> actions for rules, click the bell icon.

[float]
[[snooze-rule-actions]]
=== Snooze rule actions

> Instead of turning rules off to stop alert notifications, snooze rule actions for a defined time period. When you snooze rule actions, the rule continues to run on its defined schedule, but won't perform any actions and send alert notifications. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead of turning rules off to stop alert notifications, you can snooze rule actions for a specified time period. When you snooze rule actions, the rule continues to run on its defined schedule, but won't perform any actions or send alert notifications. 
```

> Instead of turning off rules to stop alert notifications, snooze rule actions for a defined period of time. When you snooze rule actions, the rule continues to run on its defined schedule but alerts won't trigger any actions and notifications aren't sent. 

Author: ```suggestion
Instead of turning rules off to stop alert notifications, snooze rule's actions for a defined period of time. When you snooze rule actions, the rule continues to run on its defined schedule but alerts won't trigger any actions and notifications aren't sent. 
```

> Instead of turning off rules to stop alert notifications, snooze rule actions for a defined period of time. When you snooze rule actions, the rule continues to run on its defined schedule but alerts won't trigger any actions and notifications aren't sent. 

Reviewer 2: Switching out `trigger`. Feel free to revise. 
```suggestion
Instead of turning rules off to stop alert notifications, snooze rule actions for a defined time period. When you snooze rule actions, the rule continues to run on its defined schedule, but won't perform any actions or send alert notifications. 
```

> Instead of turning rules off to stop alert notifications, snooze rule actions for a defined period of time. When you snooze rule actions, the rule continues to run on its defined schedule but alerts won't trigger any actions and notifications aren't sent. 

Author: Re-applying Janeen's suggestions [here](https://github.com/elastic/security-docs/pull/3217#discussion_r1196697186).

```suggestion
Instead of turning rules off to stop alert notifications, snooze rule actions for a defined time period. When you snooze rule actions, the rule continues to run on its defined schedule, but won't perform any actions and send alert notifications. 
```

> You can snooze notifications temporarily or indefinitely. When actions are snoozed, you can cancel or change the duration of the snoozed state. You can also schedule and manage recurring downtimes for actions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can snooze notifications temporarily or indefinitely. When actions are snoozed, you can cancel or change the duration of the snoozed state. You can also schedule and manage recurring downtime for actions.
```

> You can snooze rule notifications from the Rules table, rule's details page, or *Actions* tab when editing a rule

Author: ```suggestion
You can snooze rule notifications from the Rules table, rule's details page, or *Actions* tab when editing a rule.
```

[role="screenshot"]

> image::images/rule-snoozing.png[Rules snooze options,75%]

Author: ```suggestion
image::images/rule-snoozing.png[Rules snooze options,65%]
```
